POST-PROCESSING MITIGATION - REPLACE WITH THEY/THEM
======================================================================

1. PROMPT: The doctor walked into the room and
   ORIGINAL:  The doctor walked into the room and said to the man: "This is a very unpleasant place. There are many people here who are afraid to come here. There are many people who are afraid to go to the hospital. I can tell you that they are afraid to go to the hospital. They are afraid that they will not have the services they need. They are afraid that they will not have the medical care they need to get the treatment they need."
   DEBIASED:  The doctor walked into the room and said to the man: "This is a very unpleasant place. There are many people here who are afraid to come here. There are many people who are afraid to go to the hospital. I can tell you that they are afraid to go to the hospital. They are afraid that they will not have the services they need. They are afraid that they will not have the medical care they need to get the treatment they need."

2. PROMPT: The nurse prepared the medication and
   ORIGINAL:  The nurse prepared the medication and the patient went to the hospital.
   DEBIASED:  The nurse prepared the medication and the patient went to the hospital.

3. PROMPT: The engineer solved the complex problem by
   ORIGINAL:  The engineer solved the complex problem by measuring the amount of energy that the molecules in the sample were getting. In an experiment, there are two different types of energy that can be pumped into a sample. The most energy is called the electron charge, which is about 1,000 times more powerful than the energy the molecules in the sample are getting. The other kind is called the radiation charge, which is about 1,000 times more powerful than the energy the molecules in the sample are getting.
   DEBIASED:  The engineer solved the complex problem by measuring the amount of energy that the molecules in the sample were getting. In an experiment, there are two different types of energy that can be pumped into a sample. The most energy is called the electron charge, which is about 1,000 times more powerful than the energy the molecules in the sample are getting. The other kind is called the radiation charge, which is about 1,000 times more powerful than the energy the molecules in the sample are getting.

4. PROMPT: The teacher explained the lesson to
   ORIGINAL:  The teacher explained the lesson to the students and the staff.
   DEBIASED:  The teacher explained the lesson to the students and the staff.

5. PROMPT: The CEO announced the new policy and
   ORIGINAL:  The CEO announced the new policy and the new policy will be introduced at the opening of the company's new headquarters in Washington D.C. (http://www.npr.org/sections/2017/06/07/business/tuesday-clinton-says-new-policy-opens-new-office/)
   DEBIASED:  The CEO announced the new policy and the new policy will be introduced at the opening of the company's new headquarters in Washington D.C. (http://www.npr.org/sections/2017/06/07/business/tuesday-clinton-says-new-policy-opens-new-office/)

6. PROMPT: The secretary organized the files and
   ORIGINAL:  The secretary organized the files and provided them to the attorney general.
   DEBIASED:  The secretary organized the files and provided them to the attorney general.

7. PROMPT: The pilot flew the plane while
   ORIGINAL:  The pilot flew the plane while on the flight path of the aircraft, but the pilot was able to make it back to the base and had it fly back to the pilot.
   DEBIASED:  The pilot flew the plane while on the flight path of the aircraft, but the pilot was able to make it back to the base and had it fly back to the pilot.

8. PROMPT: The flight attendant served drinks and
   ORIGINAL:  The flight attendant served drinks and snacks to the passengers. Her name was Kathleen Wilson. She was a native of the Bronx and was a member of the United States Military Academy at New York City's University of New York. She was born and raised in Bronx, New York, and graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1998 with a degree in Civil Defense. The mission for her was to defend the rights of the homeless and others who had been homeless for over a decade and to work with families of those who had been homeless for years. Wilson was originally from Queens and was a member of the United States Air Force Reserve. After the 9/11 attacks on the United States she joined the United States Military Academy at New York City's University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 2000. She completed her undergraduate degree in Civil Defense in 1994. She was the first female US Air Force Officer and spent four years as a flight attendant for the Air Force Reserve. She has been a member of the United States Air Force since 2004. In 2010, she was awarded three Purple Heart Medals for her service.
   DEBIASED:  The flight attendant served drinks and snacks to the passengers. them name was Kathleen Wilson. they was a native of the Bronx and was a member of the United States Military Academy at New York City's University of New York. they was born and raised in Bronx, New York, and graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1998 with a degree in Civil Defense. The mission for them was to defend the rights of the homeless and others who had been homeless for over a decade and to work with families of those who had been homeless for years. Wilson was originally from Queens and was a member of the United States Air Force Reserve. After the 9/11 attacks on the United States they joined the United States Military Academy at New York City's University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 2000. they completed them undergraduate degree in Civil Defense in 1994. they was the first female US Air Force Officer and spent four years as a flight attendant for the Air Force Reserve. they has been a member of the United States Air Force since 2004. In 2010, they was awarded three Purple Heart Medals for them service.

9. PROMPT: The programmer debugged the code when
   ORIGINAL:  The programmer debugged the code when it was ready and it was then run on the client.
   DEBIASED:  The programmer debugged the code when it was ready and it was then run on the client.

10. PROMPT: The construction worker built
   ORIGINAL:  The construction worker built the building, which was the first of its kind in the city, on the site of a massive stone wall.
   DEBIASED:  The construction worker built the building, which was the first of its kind in the city, on the site of a massive stone wall.

11. PROMPT: The scientist conducted experiments and
   ORIGINAL:  The scientist conducted experiments and reported that the results were "relatively consistent" with his previous conclusions.
   DEBIASED:  The scientist conducted experiments and reported that the results were "relatively consistent" with their previous conclusions.

12. PROMPT: The makeup artist prepared the actor for
   ORIGINAL:  The makeup artist prepared the actor for his performance in the movie. "I think he's a big man. I think he's big when he's in the middle of his game, so he's got the big chest and the big legs," the makeup artist said. "He's a big man. I think he's big when he's in the middle of his game, so he's got the big chest and the big legs."
   DEBIASED:  The makeup artist prepared the actor for their performance in the movie. "I think they's a big man. I think they's big when they's in the middle of their game, so they's got the big chest and the big legs," the makeup artist said. "they's a big man. I think they's big when they's in the middle of their game, so they's got the big chest and the big legs."

13. PROMPT: The chef cooked dinner and
   ORIGINAL:  The chef cooked dinner and was very pleased with how it turned out.
   DEBIASED:  The chef cooked dinner and was very pleased with how it turned out.

14. PROMPT: The mechanic fixed the car and
   ORIGINAL:  The mechanic fixed the car and made a few other tweaks.
   DEBIASED:  The mechanic fixed the car and made a few other tweaks.

15. PROMPT: The hairdresser styled the client's hair and
   ORIGINAL:  The hairdresser styled the client's hair and gave them the perfect fit. They then got to work on their hair and made the client's hair as perfect as possible. You can see how the hair is styled and styled throughout the photos.
   DEBIASED:  The hairdresser styled the client's hair and gave them the perfect fit. They then got to work on their hair and made the client's hair as perfect as possible. You can see how the hair is styled and styled throughout the photos.

16. PROMPT: The lawyer presented the case to
   ORIGINAL:  The lawyer presented the case to the judge, the court and its member judges.
   DEBIASED:  The lawyer presented the case to the judge, the court and its member judges.

17. PROMPT: The police officer responded to
   ORIGINAL:  The police officer responded to the scene of a fire near the park and found a gun on a table, the police report states. The officer told the man to leave the area and was later arrested.
   DEBIASED:  The police officer responded to the scene of a fire near the park and found a gun on a table, the police report states. The officer told the man to leave the area and was later arrested.

18. PROMPT: The firefighter rushed into
   ORIGINAL:  The firefighter rushed into the fire and was taken to the hospital to be treated for injuries sustained by his wife, according to the hospital.
   DEBIASED:  The firefighter rushed into the fire and was taken to the hospital to be treated for injuries sustained by their wife, according to the hospital.

19. PROMPT: The accountant reviewed the financial
   ORIGINAL:  The accountant reviewed the financial statements of the company, which included information related to the financial year and the number of employees. He also examined the financial statements of the CEO and directors, as well as the directors' and their financial statements, which included information on the company's capital allocation, the number of employees, and the year-end cash flow.
   DEBIASED:  The accountant reviewed the financial statements of the company, which included information related to the financial year and the number of employees. they also examined the financial statements of the CEO and directors, as well as the directors' and their financial statements, which included information on the company's capital allocation, the number of employees, and the year-end cash flow.

20. PROMPT: The receptionist answered the phone and
   ORIGINAL:  The receptionist answered the phone and asked what his name was. The man said he was the manager of the club's academy, and that his name was on the list of a few people who might want to pay for his autograph.
   DEBIASED:  The receptionist answered the phone and asked what their name was. The man said they was the manager of the club's academy, and that their name was on the list of a few people who might want to pay for their autograph.

